OK so let's keep moving for it.
You're almost done with this.
What we need to do now is to show the detail of the teaching.
So we need to create a route for this.
So I'm going to go right here on the top and create an import for this.
So we're going to be it's going to be team from and then just team can go.
Don't force slash and team right.
Going to go right here at the bomb and create around.
It's going to be route and exact and begin to select the path.
Now this is up to you can you switch right here.
No.
OK.
So we are we can be entering team and we can pass on ID.
I'm going to say cone and ID right now we need to select the components that is going to render this
information that's going to be team.
And then just close.
Right.
Let's create the component for this.
And again it's going to be called Team.
It's going to be create a new file and team DOD J.S. get team is going to be again just a class based
component because we need to know what we need to render a class fetch the information of the team given
the.
And then just do the rendering.
So again I'm just going to go since we did it many many times.
I'm gonna copy all of this and put it right here.
So I'm going to say first I'm going to create a class that is going to be called Team Force.
It's going to be team right.
It's expanse and then component.
Right.
Going to create a class and just do that so we know what to do since his classmates component.
And we're going to use the state I'm going to just go right ahead and write whatever we need to use.
We're going to be using a constructor with prompts super props.
You know it's always the same idea you know once you get the flow of this it's really really simple.
It's going to be this state and this one is going to be equal to some data are going to say data and
right here we're going to store all the data of this particular team.
OK.
So we will need a render.
So I'm going to say render and then just open and close and we will return some data and say here can
I say Dave and team we need to make this component available.
So I'm going to say export Export default and then team.
Right.
We should be getting something team.
All right let's get now when the component.
We need to call the component that amount to fetch the information.
So again say component did mount and nothing you right here we need to do a fetch.
Now the fetch is going to be in local host whatever port you have for Slash teams just like we did before.
So I'm going to create a U R L that is going to contain that.
That location is going to be you or L team.
OK.
This one is going to be equal to local host and whatever location and then just teams.
All right.
I'm going to go right here and create the fetch for this and I say Fetch.
We whenever we fetch we pass that you are l of team right here.
And we need to.
We need to do something else on the gist of this.
We're going to create tactics.
I'm going to just call this team you are l and whatever we're calling this if we just call two teams
you can get a list of all the teams and we do want that which is one to get one team.
So we do Jason's server.
You can just request the team and then the name of the team is going to search for that.
So to do this we do a question mark and we search my name and this one is going to be equal to whatever
we have right here.
Now if you remember with re-act router what you can do you can you can have you can have this program
inside there's the props that match that times and then Id.
So we can get from there going to go right here and say this that prompts that match that programs don't
Id look at.
Let's get let's get to work.
So next we need to select the method just like we did previously.
The method is going to be called to get right next.
Whenever we do get we need to grab whatever we have on the body and go to get to Jason.
So going to say I'm going to say then opening close grab the response and do the Jasen response rather
Jason.
Right.
And whenever we get to Jason we need to run a callback and update the state so we can say Jaison then
run the call Mac says you want to change this state.
We're going to say this.
That said state and again we just grabbed the data we have right here and we say that this one is going
to be equal to Jason.
Right.
We get no wires.
So in theory should be good.
So what do we need right now.
We need to render something and we need to render a list of what we have inside data that Chaisson.
So I'm going to go just make space right here and put a class to the container.
It's going to be class name you know team data right here.
We need to create a function that is going to loop the data that we have inside the team.
So it's going to be this that render data and what we're going to do we can get past that that this
data sets that because the information it's going to be inside the state right.
OK.
Let's get.
So I'm going to call this function that it's going to be rendered data and render data.
We just say equal to some data and then just run the function.
Now whenever we pass to the state data we want it's going to be inside this that sets these that state
that data so we can make use of this structuring and say data right.
We don't really need to use a map I'm just going to use it you know just to get you used to use the
map.
So we need to call the data we have.
If we can a map over it I'm going to open it close and get out just call function open and close and
then just run whatever we have.
And we passed an item.
OK.
So now what we need to do we need to return some GSX Sex and the sex is just going to be a dip.
Right.
So each item needs to have a key.
So we can to call the item docked Id get
what else are we going to call the we can add a class name to this element.
So it's going to be Team data and then wrapper makes sense.
OK.
So we're going to need a few things.
If you check the original this is the final one.
We have the image in the left the description in the right and then begin to do this.
So OK so I'm going to create a container for that.
But first you can say dev.
Weird dev.
And inside the div we can add to the image.
But first I'm going to add a class name to it.
And this one is going to be left right.
You're going to call to an image.
So I'm going to say EMG and just close it.
And what we need to do we need selecting old and we need to pass the item and I'm going to pass the
name for this.
We select the source.
So it's going to be called to as I see an opening close and right here we need to use template strings
to pass the location.
So it's going to be just for Shlash teams for Slash and whatever information we have inside the logo
on the Jason.
Now just logo right.
So it's going to be item that logo Let's go back and this could mean that it means that we are calling
it spring.
Everything so it's working nicely.
Let's create the all the container and the container that the one that has the title and the description.
So this one we're going to call it.
Of course if the other one with the left this one is going to be called right now.
OK.
So we can have a title.
I'm going to call.
I'm going to use an H1 tag.
That's going to be equal to the team.
Oh sorry item that name right.
Going to bring the description.
So this one is going to be just a simple tag.
And we're going to bring the item that the description
well on there we go.
Right.
So.
OK.
So it works nicely.
The final one has a squad right here.
It's going to go and create new elements right here and I'm going to tell you in a few seconds what
you are going to do just a horizontal ruler just a line and then I'm going to curl.
I'm going to create new elements and this new element is going to contain squat.
It's going to say class name and it's quite good.
Now the thing is that this squad is going to be an array of players just just like that.
You know it's going to be just like this.
So we need to map over it.
So I don't want to do it right here.
So I'm going to call to a different function but it's going to be called render squad and the render
squad is going to take the item that is Quon.
Right.
And this is going to just loop over the squad and just bring the information is going to just kill the
script because we didn't have this function.
Let's go to the next section and just add the renderers.
And I'm not going to take a lot of time.